<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="APIPDFLinks">
    <title>API PDF Links</title>
    <shortdesc>The Blume Global API documentation site caters to users the instructions on how to
        effectively use and integrate the Blume Global API. It also provides updates on the API's
        lifecycle such as new versions or retirement. Some aspects of API documentation can be
        generated automatically via Swagger or other documents.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>This section contains links to all Blume API Documentation PDFs.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_nq4_j1m_l1c">
            <title>Visibility API Documentation Links</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Document Title</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Blume Visibility Flight Status API Integration Guide</entry>
                        <entry>This guide provides instructions for integrating the Blume Visibility
                            Flight Status API, which allows users to track the status of flights in
                            real time.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Blume Visibility Geo Location API Integration Guide (Pull) </entry>
                        <entry>This document explains how to integrate the Blume Visibility Geo
                            Location API using a pull mechanism to retrieve geographical location
                            data for tracking purposes.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Blume Visibility Get Event API Integration Guide (Push) </entry>
                        <entry>This guide describes the process for integrating the Blume Visibility
                            Get Event API using a push mechanism to receive real-time event
                            notifications.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Blume Visibility Milestones API Integration Guide (Pull) </entry>
                        <entry>This document provides instructions for integrating the Blume
                            Visibility Milestones API using a pull method to retrieve milestone
                            information for shipments.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Blume Visibility Milestones API Integration Guide (Push) </entry>
                        <entry>This guide explains how to integrate the Blume Visibility Milestones
                            API using a push method to receive real-time updates on shipment
                            milestones.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_fyg_3bm_l1c">
            <title>Logistics API Documentation Links</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Document Title</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry/>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry/>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry/>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry/>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </body>
</topic>
