<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="GenericPDFLinks">
    <title>Generic PDF Links</title>
    <shortdesc>Welcome to the Comprehensive Documentation Library of Blume Global's Online Help
        Site. This section is dedicated to providing our customers with access to a wide range of
        generic PDF documents that cover the full spectrum of our logistics and supply chain
        management solutions. Our aim is to offer a centralized repository where you can easily find
        and download various types of documentation that will support your operational needs,
        enhance your understanding of our products, and help you navigate any challenges that may
        arise.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <section id="section_trl_tgg_j1c">
            <title>What You Can Expect to Find:</title>
            <p>Technical Specifications: Detailed documents outlining the technical underpinnings of
                our solutions, including architecture, integration capabilities, and system
                requirements, ensuring you have the knowledge needed for seamless implementation and
                maintenance.</p>
            <ul id="ul_oz5_5gg_j1c">
                <li><b>Technical Specifications</b>: Detailed documents outlining the technical
                    underpinnings of our solutions, including architecture, integration
                    capabilities, and system requirements, ensuring you have the knowledge needed
                    for seamless implementation and maintenance.</li>
                <li><b>Policy and Compliance Guides</b>: Important information on compliance
                    standards, data protection policies, and regulatory guidelines relevant to the
                    logistics and supply chain industry, helping you ensure that your operations
                    remain compliant with global regulations.</li>
                <li><b>Case Studies and Whitepapers</b>: Insightful analyses and thought leadership
                    pieces that explore industry trends, success stories, and best practices. These
                    resources are designed to inspire innovation and strategic thinking within your
                    organization.</li>
                <li><b>Training Materials</b>: A variety of educational resources, including
                    self-guided tutorials, webinar recordings, and training program documentation,
                    aimed at enhancing the skill set of your team and maximizing the value you
                    derive from our solutions.</li>
                <li><b>FAQs and Troubleshooting Guides</b>: Comprehensive answers to frequently
                    asked questions and practical troubleshooting advice to help you quickly resolve
                    common issues and minimize downtime.</li>
                <li><b>Product Brochures</b>: High-level overviews of our suite of solutions,
                    offering insights into features, benefits, and potential applications within
                    your logistics and supply chain operations.</li>
                <li><b>Event and Webinar Announcements</b>: Stay informed about upcoming events,
                    webinars, and training sessions that Blume Global offers to support continuous
                    learning and engagement within the logistics and supply chain community.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>This library is an evolving resource, regularly updated to ensure it remains a
                relevant and valuable tool for our customers. We are committed to providing you with
                accessible, high-quality documentation that supports your journey towards
                operational efficiency and excellence. </p>
            <p>We encourage you to explore this library and utilize these resources to gain deeper
                insights into how Blume Global's solutions can transform your logistics and supply
                chain operations. Should you have any questions or require further assistance, our
                dedicated support team is here to help.</p>
            <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_bw5_dhg_j1c">
                <title>Generic PDF Documentation</title>
                <tgroup cols="2">
                    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Document Title</entry>
                            <entry>Link</entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Working on FTP Server</entry>
                            <entry><xref href="../PDF/2024/Generic/WorkingonFTPServer.pdf"
                                    format="pdf">Download</xref></entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
            <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_xjd_1tg_j1c">
                <title>Generic Excel Spreadsheets</title>
                <tgroup cols="2">
                    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Excel Sheet Title</entry>
                            <entry>Link</entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Dynamic ETA Perdiction - VD</entry>
                            <entry><xref
                                    href="../PDF/2024/Generic/Enable_Dynamic_VD_Prediction.xlsx"
                                    format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Planned Date Update Configuration</entry>
                            <entry><xref href="../PDF/2024/Generic/Planned_Date_Update_Config.xlsx"
                                    format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Planned and Estimated Sync</entry>
                            <entry><xref href="../PDF/2024/Generic/Planned_and_Estimate_Sync.xlsx"
                                    format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Update Terminal Info to Dray Leg</entry>
                            <entry><xref
                                    href="../PDF/2024/Generic/Update_Terminal_Info_To_Dray_Leg.xlsx"
                                    format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Geofence Configuration (BMV)</entry>
                            <entry><xref href="../PDF/2024/Generic/Geofence_Config_BMV.xlsx"
                                    format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
