<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="PDFLinks">
    <title>Documentation Impacts</title>
    <shortdesc>Welcome to the User Guide section of Blume Global's Online Help Site. This essential
        repository is specifically designed to complement our Maintenance Release Notes by providing
        detailed documentation on the use and operation of our suite of logistics and supply chain
        management solutions. Here, you will find an array of User Guide PDFs that offer
        comprehensive insights and instructions tailored to help you navigate and maximize the
        capabilities of our products following any updates or changes detailed in the Maintenance
        Release Notes.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <section>
            <title><b>What You Can Expect to Find:</b></title>
            <p>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p><b>Comprehensive Coverage:</b> Our User Guides delve into every aspect of
                            our software, from basic navigation to advanced features and
                            functionalities. Whether you're a new user learning the ropes or an
                            experienced operator seeking to deepen your expertise, these guides have
                            you covered.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p><b>Step-by-Step Instructions:</b> To ensure clarity and ease of use, our
                            guides include step-by-step instructions accompanied by screenshots and
                            diagrams. This approach aims to facilitate a smoother learning curve and
                            empower you to leverage the full range of features offered by our
                            solutions.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p><b>Best Practices:</b> Benefit from our compiled best practices and tips
                            to optimize your workflows, enhance efficiency, and achieve better
                            outcomes in your logistics and supply chain operations.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p><b>Documentation Updates:</b> Each User Guide is meticulously updated to
                            reflect the documentation impacts stemming from the latest Maintenance
                            Release Notes. This ensures that the information remains relevant and
                            aligned with the current version of our software, helping you to
                            understand and adjust to any changes or new features.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p><b>Searchable PDFs:</b> To save you time and effort, our User Guides are
                            provided in searchable PDF format, allowing you to quickly find the
                            information you need. Whether you're looking for specific functionality
                            or troubleshooting advice, our searchable documents enhance your ability
                            to get answers fast.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p><b>Resource Links:</b> Within the guides, you'll find links to additional
                            resources, including tutorial videos, FAQs, and direct lines to our
                            support team, should you need further assistance.</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>This section is designed to be your go-to resource for mastering our logistics and
                supply chain management solutions. We encourage you to download and consult these
                User Guides to enhance your understanding and utilization of our products. Updated
                regularly to align with our Maintenance Release Notes, these documents are an
                invaluable tool for ensuring you and your team are fully equipped to meet the
                demands of today's fast-paced logistics environments.</p>
        </section>
        <p>This section contains links to all Blume Maintenance Release Documentation Impact
            PDFs.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_igf_4qd_j1c">
            <title>2024 Maintenance Release Documentation Impacts</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c4" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Blume Logistics</entry>
                        <entry>Product Documentation</entry>
                        <entry>Date</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry morerows="4">Blume Logistics</entry>
                        <entry>CarrierGo User Guide</entry>
                        <entry morerows="6">24th February 2024</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Contract Management User Guide</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Freight Audit and Pay User Guide</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Resource Selection User Guide</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Shipment Services User Guide</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Blume Platform</entry>
                        <entry>Digital Operating Platform User Guide</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Blume Visibility</entry>
                        <entry>Visibility User Guide</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </body>
</topic>
