<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="RNPDFLinks">
    <title>Maintenace/Hot Fix Release Notes</title>
    <shortdesc>Welcome to the Maintenance Release Notes section of Blume Global's Online Help Site.
        This dedicated space serves as a comprehensive resource for users seeking detailed
        information on the latest updates, enhancements, and fixes implemented across our suite of
        logistics and supply chain management solutions.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>Our Maintenance Release Notes are meticulously prepared and published in PDF format to
            ensure that you have access to well-organized, searchable, and printable documents.
            Whether you are a system administrator, an end-user, or a stakeholder within the
            logistics and supply chain ecosystem, these documents are designed to provide you with a
            clear understanding of the changes introduced in each release, the benefits of these
            changes, and how they may impact your daily operations.</p>
        <section id="section_ggf_4qd_j1c">
            <title>What You Can Expect to Find</title>
        </section>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_hgf_4qd_j1c">
                <li>
                    <p><b>Detailed Descriptions:</b> Each set of release notes includes in-depth
                        explanations of new features, improvements, and any issues that have been
                        resolved. This ensures you are well-informed about the capabilities of your
                        solutions.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Version Information:</b> Clear identification of the software version to
                        help you track the progression of the product and ensure compatibility with
                        your systems.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Implementation Guidance:</b> Where applicable, we provide guidance on how
                        to implement new features or changes to ensure a smooth transition and to
                        maximize the benefits of the updates.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Known Issues and Limitations:</b> Transparency is key to us. We include
                        any known challenges or limitations that are being addressed, offering
                        workarounds where possible to help you maintain operational efficiency.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Supporting Resources:</b> Links to additional resources, such as user
                        manuals, technical documentation, and support contact information, to assist
                        you in leveraging the full potential of our solutions.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>Our aim is to ensure that you have all the necessary information to optimize your use of
            Blume Global products and services. We encourage you to review these notes regularly to
            stay informed about the latest enhancements and to help plan your maintenance schedules
            effectively.</p>
        <p>For ease of access, the release notes are categorized by product and release date. We
            recommend bookmarking this page for quick reference and subscribing to our notification
            service to receive updates when new Maintenance Release Notes are available.</p>
        <p>The following table contains the maintenance release notes for the year 2024:</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_cjc_jrd_j1c">
            <title>2024 Maintenance Release Notes</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Release Notes PDF</entry>
                        <entry>Date</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>January Maintenance Release Notes</entry>
                        <entry align="center">
                            <p><xref href="../PDF/2024/JanuaryMaint/ReleaseNotes/GCPRN.pdf"
                                    format="pdf">Download</xref></p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>February Maintenance Release Notes</entry>
                        <entry align="center">
                            <p><xref
                                    href="../PDF/2024/FebMaint/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesFebMaintenance.pdf"
                                    format="pdf">Download</xref></p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </body>
</topic>
