<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="LogisticsFeatureConfiguration">
    <title>Logistics and CarrierGo Feature Configurations</title>
    <shortdesc>Welcome to the Blume Logistics and CarrierGo Solutions Configuration Guide. This
        document is designed to serve as a comprehensive resource for system administrators, IT
        professionals, and operational managers tasked with configuring and optimizing the Blume
        Logistics and CarrierGo platforms for their organization's unique needs. Our aim is to
        facilitate a smooth, efficient setup process that aligns with your operational goals,
        ensuring that you can leverage the full power of Blume Global's technology to enhance your
        logistics and transportation management capabilities.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p/>
        <p>In today's dynamic business environment, the ability to customize and configure your
            logistics platform is essential for maintaining competitiveness, improving efficiency,
            and ensuring the highest levels of customer satisfaction. This guide provides detailed
            instructions and insights into various configuration tasks, from basic setup operations
            to more advanced customization options.</p>
        <p>Each section of this guide is dedicated to a specific configuration task, including
            Mediation Routing, Custom Events, Data Field Management, Delay Validation, Notification
            Setup, and more. By following the guidelines provided, you will be able to tailor the
            Blume Logistics and CarrierGo solutions to meet your specific operational requirements,
            enabling a more responsive, efficient, and scalable logistics operation.</p>
        <p>Before you begin the configuration process, we recommend gathering all necessary
            organizational information and ensuring that you have appropriate system access rights.
            Configuration tasks may require a deep understanding of your operational workflows, data
            structure, and the specific outcomes you aim to achieve using the Blume platforms.</p>
        <p>This table contains a list of Blume Logistics and CarrierGo Feature Configurations.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ksl_hyg_j1c">
            <title>Blume Logistics and CarrierGo Feature Configurations</title>
            <tgroup cols="4">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="newCol3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="newCol4" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>SN</entry>
                        <entry>Feature Configuration</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Link</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>1</entry>
                        <entry>Mediation Routing - Org Code</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>Mediation Routing with an Organization Code (Org Code) enables the
                                directed flow of information within the Blume Logistics platform
                                based on specific organizational units. This configuration allows
                                users to define routing rules that automatically channel data and
                                transactions to the appropriate organizational segment based on
                                predefined criteria, such as geographic location, business unit, or
                                service type. To configure, administrators must identify each
                                organizational unit's unique Org Code and establish routing rules
                                that dictate how information is mediated between these units,
                                ensuring data integrity and operational efficiency.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry><xref
                                href="../../PDF/2024/Generic/PSGImplementationGuide/MediationRouting.xlsx"
                                format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>2</entry>
                        <entry>Custom Events Configuration</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>Custom Events Configuration allows users to define and manage unique
                                event types within the Blume Logistics and CarrierGo platforms that
                                are not covered by the system's default event set. This enables the
                                tracking and monitoring of specific actions or milestones that are
                                critical to an organization's operational processes. To configure
                                custom events, administrators need to define the event name,
                                criteria for triggering the event, and the actions that follow an
                                event's occurrence. This might include notifications, updates to
                                related records, or triggering specific workflows.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry><xref
                                href="../../PDF/2024/Generic/PSGImplementationGuide/Custom%20Reason%20code.xlsx"
                                format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>3</entry>
                        <entry>Update Fields</entry>
                        <entry>The Update Fields configuration provides users with the ability to
                            modify existing data fields within the system to reflect changes in
                            operational requirements or data capture needs. This process involves
                            identifying the fields that need updating, defining the new field
                            parameters or values, and applying these changes across the system. It's
                            essential for maintaining data relevance and ensuring that the platform
                            accurately reflects current business processes.</entry>
                        <entry><xref
                                href="../../PDF/2024/Generic/PSGImplementationGuide/UpdateWOStateDecider.xlsx"
                                format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>4</entry>
                        <entry>Amend Fields</entry>
                        <entry>Amend Fields allows users to make corrections or adjustments to data
                            fields after their initial entry or creation. This configuration is
                            crucial for rectifying errors, updating information following changes,
                            or refining data entries as more accurate information becomes available.
                            The process involves selecting the fields to be amended, making the
                            necessary adjustments, and ensuring that these amendments propagate
                            correctly throughout related records and reports.</entry>
                        <entry><xref
                                href="../../PDF/2024/Generic/PSGImplementationGuide/AmendWOStateDecider.xlsx"
                                format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>5</entry>
                        <entry>Delay Validation Configuration</entry>
                        <entry>Delay Validation Configuration is designed to manage and enforce
                            rules around acceptable timeframes for delays within the logistics and
                            transportation process. By configuring delay validation rules,
                            organizations can set thresholds for acceptable delays, conditions under
                            which delays are evaluated, and the actions taken when a delay exceeds
                            these thresholds. This might include automated alerts, escalation
                            procedures, or adjustments to estimated arrival times.</entry>
                        <entry><xref
                                href="../../PDF/2024/Generic/PSGImplementationGuide/delayvalidationconfig.xlsx"
                                format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>6</entry>
                        <entry>Retain Work Order Number</entry>
                        <entry>Retaining Work Order Numbers configuration ensures that work order
                            numbers are preserved and remain consistent across the Blume Logistics
                            and CarrierGo platforms, even when work orders are updated or amended.
                            This is critical for tracking, reporting, and auditing purposes,
                            allowing users to maintain a clear and uninterrupted history of each
                            work order. Configuration involves setting rules that prevent the system
                            from automatically changing work order numbers upon modifications to the
                            work order itself.</entry>
                        <entry><xref
                                href="../../PDF/2024/Generic/PSGImplementationGuide/RetainWorkOrderNumber.xlsx"
                                format="xlsx">Download</xref></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>7</entry>
                        <entry>Notification Setup</entry>
                        <entry>Notification Setup involves configuring the system to send automated
                            alerts and notifications to users based on specific triggers or events
                            within the Blume Logistics and CarrierGo platforms. This configuration
                            task requires defining the events that trigger notifications, the
                            criteria for who receives these alerts (based on roles,
                            responsibilities, or individual users), and the format and channel of
                            the notification (email, SMS, dashboard alerts, etc.). Effective
                            notification setup ensures timely communication and response to critical
                            events or milestones.</entry>
                        <entry><xref
                                href="../../PDF/2024/Generic/PSGImplementationGuide/Notification%20Setup%20Configuration%20Steps.pdf"
                                format="pdf">Download</xref></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>8</entry>
                        <entry>Metro / Zone Configuration</entry>
                        <entry>Metro / Zone Configuration allows users to define geographical zones
                            or metropolitan areas within the system for more granular management of
                            logistics and transportation operations. This configuration can include
                            defining the boundaries of each zone, associating specific operational
                            rules or pricing structures with each zone, and tailoring service
                            offerings based on zone-specific characteristics. Metro/Zone
                            configuration enhances operational efficiency by enabling localized
                            decision-making and resource allocation.</entry>
                        <entry><xref
                                href="../../PDF/2024/Generic/PSGImplementationGuide/Metro%20Zone%20Configuration.pdf"
                                format="pdf">Download</xref></entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </conbody>
</concept>
